>> I HAVE BEEN IN THIS FIGHT FOR A LONG TIME.
A LONG TIME. I HAVEN’T ALWAYS BEEN RIGHT.
I HAVEN’T ALWAYS BEEN RIGHT. WE HAVEN’T ALWAYS GOTTEN THINGS
WE HAVEN’T ALWAYS GOTTEN THINGS RIGHT.
RIGHT. BUT I’VE ALWAYS TRIED.
BUT I’VE ALWAYS TRIED. >> AND JOINING ME NOW FROM
>> AND JOINING ME NOW FROM CLEVELAND, IS DEMOCRATIC
CLEVELAND, IS DEMOCRATIC GOVERNOR SHERROD BROWN, WHO
GOVERNOR SHERROD BROWN, WHO ANNOUNCED TO THE SURPRISE OF
ANNOUNCED TO THE SURPRISE OF MANY, THAT HE DECIDED NOT TO RUN
MANY, THAT HE DECIDED NOT TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT IN 2020.
FOR PRESIDENT IN 2020. WELCOME BACK TO "MEET THE
WELCOME BACK TO "MEET THE PRESS."
PRESS." >> GOOD TO BE BACK.
>> GOOD TO BE BACK. THANKS.
THANKS. >> THE LAST TIME YOU WERE ON, MY
>> THE LAST TIME YOU WERE ON, MY EXECUTIVE PRODUCER NOTED HE WAS
EXECUTIVE PRODUCER NOTED HE WAS SPEAKING ABOUT HIS PRESIDENTIAL
SPEAKING ABOUT HIS PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN IN THE PRESENT TENSE,
CAMPAIGN IN THE PRESENT TENSE, IT SEEMED SO IMMINENT TO US.
IT SEEMED SO IMMINENT TO US. YOU DID SURPRISE A LOT OF
YOU DID SURPRISE A LOT OF PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. YOU HAD BEGUN TO HIRE SOME
YOU HAD BEGUN TO HIRE SOME PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. WHAT CHANGED YOUR MIND?
WHAT CHANGED YOUR MIND? >> AS YOU KNOW, CHUCK, THIS
>> AS YOU KNOW, CHUCK, THIS STARTED OFF BECAUSE I DON’T
STARTED OFF BECAUSE I DON’T THINK DEMOCRATS WERE TALKING TO
THINK DEMOCRATS WERE TALKING TO WORKING-CLASS AMERICANS OF ALL
WORKING-CLASS AMERICANS OF ALL RACES ENOUGH.
RACES ENOUGH. IF YOU LOVE YOUR COUNTRY, YOU
IF YOU LOVE YOUR COUNTRY, YOU WILL FIGHT FOR THE PEOPLE WHO
WILL FIGHT FOR THE PEOPLE WHO MAKE IT WORK, WE BEGAN OUR
MAKE IT WORK, WE BEGAN OUR DIGNITY OF WORK TOUR.
DIGNITY OF WORK TOUR. WE HIRED PEOPLE TO HELP US WITH
WE HIRED PEOPLE TO HELP US WITH THE TOUR AND TO BE READY.
THE TOUR AND TO BE READY. OUR GOAL WAS TO INFORM THE
OUR GOAL WAS TO INFORM THE NARRATIVE IN THE DEMOCRATIC
NARRATIVE IN THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY, SO THAT DEMOCRATS TALKED
PARTY, SO THAT DEMOCRATS TALKED MORE TO WORKERS AND A NUMBER OF
MORE TO WORKERS AND A NUMBER OF CANDIDATES HAVE DONE THAT.
CANDIDATES HAVE DONE THAT. HAVE BEEN TALKING ABOUT THE
HAVE BEEN TALKING ABOUT THE DIGNITY OF WORK.
DIGNITY OF WORK. I PREDICT THAT THE DEMOCRATIC
I PREDICT THAT THE DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE IS THE ONE THAT TALKS TO
NOMINEE IS THE ONE THAT TALKS TO WORKERS THE BEST.
WORKERS THE BEST. AND I’M NOT JUST TALKING ABOUT
AND I’M NOT JUST TALKING ABOUT WORKERS IN THE INDUSTRIAL
WORKERS IN THE INDUSTRIAL MIDWEST.
MIDWEST. I’M TALKING ABOUT THE PHYSICAL
I’M TALKING ABOUT THE PHYSICAL THERAPISTS IN NEVADA AND THE
THERAPISTS IN NEVADA AND THE CONSTRUCTION WORKER IN
CONSTRUCTION WORKER IN NEW HAMPSHIRE AND THE HOSPITAL
NEW HAMPSHIRE AND THE HOSPITAL WORKER IN BALTIMORE.
WORKER IN BALTIMORE. I WOULD PREDICT, IF I COULD DO
I WOULD PREDICT, IF I COULD DO THIS, THAT COME JANUARY 20th,
THIS, THAT COME JANUARY 20th, 2021, THAT IN THE INAUGURAL,
2021, THAT IN THE INAUGURAL, WHEN THE DEMOCRATIC
WHEN THE DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENT-ELECT RAISES HER OR
PRESIDENT-ELECT RAISES HER OR HIS RIGHT HAND, THEY WILL LAUNCH
HIS RIGHT HAND, THEY WILL LAUNCH INTO A SPEECH, THEIR INAUGURAL
INTO A SPEECH, THEIR INAUGURAL SPEECH WILL TALK ABOUT THE
SPEECH WILL TALK ABOUT THE DIGNITY OF WORK.
DIGNITY OF WORK. IT’S NOT JUST A SLOGAN, IT’S WHO
IT’S NOT JUST A SLOGAN, IT’S WHO I AM AND WHAT WE FIGHT FOR.
I AM AND WHAT WE FIGHT FOR. BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY, IT’S HOW
BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY, IT’S HOW WE GOVERN.
WE GOVERN. >> TO REINFORCE WHAT YOU’RE
>> TO REINFORCE WHAT YOU’RE SAYING, WE PUT TOGETHER A
SAYING, WE PUT TOGETHER A COLLECTION OF FOLKS THAT STOLE
COLLECTION OF FOLKS THAT STOLE YOUR LINE.
YOUR LINE. TAKE A LISTEN.
TAKE A LISTEN. >> WE HAVE TO REWARD AND
>> WE HAVE TO REWARD AND RECOGNIZE THE DIGNITY OF WORK.
RECOGNIZE THE DIGNITY OF WORK. >> THERE IS DIGNITY IN ALL WORK
>> THERE IS DIGNITY IN ALL WORK AND CAREER PROFESSIONALS.
AND CAREER PROFESSIONALS. >> WE HAVE TO GIVE IT THE
>> WE HAVE TO GIVE IT THE DIGNITY OF THE WORK BEING
DIGNITY OF THE WORK BEING PERFORMED.
PERFORMED. >> SENATOR, YOUR MESSAGE, YOU’RE
>> SENATOR, YOUR MESSAGE, YOU’RE DOING SOMETHING THAT MANY
DOING SOMETHING THAT MANY PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES WISH
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES WISH COULD HAVE HAPPENED TO THEM.
COULD HAVE HAPPENED TO THEM. YOUR INITIAL MESSAGE BEGINS TO
YOUR INITIAL MESSAGE BEGINS TO RESONATE TO THE POINT THAT YOU
RESONATE TO THE POINT THAT YOU HAVE COMPETITORS STEALING YOUR
HAVE COMPETITORS STEALING YOUR LINES.
LINES. HOW DO YOU NOT RUN -- IT WAS
HOW DO YOU NOT RUN -- IT WAS RESONATING AND YOU STILL SAID
RESONATING AND YOU STILL SAID NO.
NO. >> IT WAS RESONATING AND I WOULD
>> IT WAS RESONATING AND I WOULD SAY MISSION ACCOMPLISHED BUT I’M
SAY MISSION ACCOMPLISHED BUT I’M NOT DONE YET.
NOT DONE YET. I CAN DO THAT BETTER FROM THE
I CAN DO THAT BETTER FROM THE SENATE.
SENATE. WE SPENT THREE MONTHS TALKING
WE SPENT THREE MONTHS TALKING ABOUT THE DIGNITY OF WORK.
ABOUT THE DIGNITY OF WORK. I’LL CONTINUE TO DO THAT.
I’LL CONTINUE TO DO THAT. I WENT TO THE FLOOR AFTER I
I WENT TO THE FLOOR AFTER I ANNOUNCED I WASN’T GOING TO RUN
ANNOUNCED I WASN’T GOING TO RUN AND TALKED ABOUT CIVIL RIGHTS
AND TALKED ABOUT CIVIL RIGHTS AND VOTING RIGHTS AND WORKER
AND VOTING RIGHTS AND WORKER RIGHTS AND A SUPREME COURT THAT
RIGHTS AND A SUPREME COURT THAT PUTS ITS THUMB ON THE SCALES OF
PUTS ITS THUMB ON THE SCALES OF JUSTICE, IN FAVORING
JUSTICE, IN FAVORING CORPORATIONS OVER WORKERS AND
CORPORATIONS OVER WORKERS AND HEALTH INSURANCE COMPANY OVER
HEALTH INSURANCE COMPANY OVER SICK PEOPLE AND WALL STREET OVER
SICK PEOPLE AND WALL STREET OVER CONSUMERS.
CONSUMERS. I WILL CONTINUE THAT ECONOMIC
I WILL CONTINUE THAT ECONOMIC POPULOUS FIGHT, ALWAYS THROUGH
POPULOUS FIGHT, ALWAYS THROUGH THE EYES OF WORKERS.
THE EYES OF WORKERS. IT’S WHAT WE ARE AS A PARTY.
IT’S WHAT WE ARE AS A PARTY. I THINK I CAN DRIVE THAT BETTER
I THINK I CAN DRIVE THAT BETTER FROM THE SENATE AS I CAN OF 1
FROM THE SENATE AS I CAN OF 1 OUT OF 15 OR 20 CANDIDATES.
OUT OF 15 OR 20 CANDIDATES. >> WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU
>> WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU TALKED TO JOE BIDEN?
TALKED TO JOE BIDEN? >> OCTOBER.
>> OCTOBER. >> SO, YOU HAVEN’T TALKED TO HIM
>> SO, YOU HAVEN’T TALKED TO HIM RECENTLY?
RECENTLY? THIS WASN’T HIM CALLING AROUND,
THIS WASN’T HIM CALLING AROUND, LETTING PEOPLE KNOW HE’S
LETTING PEOPLE KNOW HE’S RUNNING?
RUNNING? >> IT WAS NONE OF THAT.
>> IT WAS NONE OF THAT. I KNOW THAT’S BEEN REPORTED.
I KNOW THAT’S BEEN REPORTED. BUT THE PEOPLE THAT REPORTED
BUT THE PEOPLE THAT REPORTED THAT NEVER CALLED ME, NEVER
THAT NEVER CALLED ME, NEVER CALLED CONNIE, NEVER CALLED MY
CALLED CONNIE, NEVER CALLED MY CHIEF OF STAFF.
CHIEF OF STAFF. NEVER CALLED MY COMMUNICATIONS
NEVER CALLED MY COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR.
DIRECTOR. I LIKE JOE BIDEN.
I LIKE JOE BIDEN. I JUST HAVEN’T TALKED TO HIM.
I JUST HAVEN’T TALKED TO HIM. PEOPLE ASK ME IN ALMOST EVERY
PEOPLE ASK ME IN ALMOST EVERY ONE OF THE STATES, IS JOE BIDEN
ONE OF THE STATES, IS JOE BIDEN GETTING IN HAVING AN IMPACT ON
GETTING IN HAVING AN IMPACT ON YOUR DECISION?
YOUR DECISION? AND MY ANSWER WAS ALWAYS ZERO.
AND MY ANSWER WAS ALWAYS ZERO. >> WHEN PEOPLE WERE ASSESSING
>> WHEN PEOPLE WERE ASSESSING YOUR CANDIDACY, YOU WERE SEEN AS
YOUR CANDIDACY, YOU WERE SEEN AS A GUY THAT COULD BRIDGE THE
A GUY THAT COULD BRIDGE THE DIVIDE.
DIVIDE. YOU COULD WIN IN A RED STATE AND
YOU COULD WIN IN A RED STATE AND HAD KEPT TO PROGRESSIVE
HAD KEPT TO PROGRESSIVE PRINCIPLES.
PRINCIPLES. HERE’S WHAT YOU TOLD "THE
HERE’S WHAT YOU TOLD "THE NATION," IN AN INTERVIEW,
NATION," IN AN INTERVIEW, RECENTLY BEFORE YOU DECIDED NOT
RECENTLY BEFORE YOU DECIDED NOT TO RUN.
TO RUN. YOU SAID, IF I RUN, I WILL BE
YOU SAID, IF I RUN, I WILL BE THE ONLY DEMOCRAT ON THE STAGE
THE ONLY DEMOCRAT ON THE STAGE WHO WILL HAVE VOTED AGAINST THE
WHO WILL HAVE VOTED AGAINST THE IRAQ WAR, WHO WILL HAVE VOTED
IRAQ WAR, WHO WILL HAVE VOTED AGAINST THE DEFENSE OF MARRIAGE
AGAINST THE DEFENSE OF MARRIAGE ACT, WHICH MEANS FOR MARRIAGE
ACT, WHICH MEANS FOR MARRIAGE EQUALITY, AND WHO WILL BE
EQUALITY, AND WHO WILL BE PRO-CHOICE 100% OVER THE YEARS.
PRO-CHOICE 100% OVER THE YEARS. WHAT WAS INTERESTING, IT WAS
WHAT WAS INTERESTING, IT WAS YOUR WAY OF SAYING, I’M AN
YOUR WAY OF SAYING, I’M AN EXPERIENCED DEMOCRAT BUT ON THE
EXPERIENCED DEMOCRAT BUT ON THE PROGRESSIVE SIDE OF THE LANE IN
PROGRESSIVE SIDE OF THE LANE IN WAYS THAT OTHER DEMOCRATS,
WAYS THAT OTHER DEMOCRATS, PERHAPS YOU’RE REFERRING TO JOE
PERHAPS YOU’RE REFERRING TO JOE BIDEN, WERE NOT.
BIDEN, WERE NOT. >> I WAS REFERRING TO NOBODY IN
>> I WAS REFERRING TO NOBODY IN PARTICULAR.
PARTICULAR. I WAS JUST SAYING THAT I’VE BEEN
I WAS JUST SAYING THAT I’VE BEEN A STRONG PROGRESSIVE FOR YEARS.
A STRONG PROGRESSIVE FOR YEARS. I WILL CARRY THAT BACK TO THE
I WILL CARRY THAT BACK TO THE SENATE.
SENATE. I WILL BE PART OF THIS
I WILL BE PART OF THIS PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN, IN TERMS
PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN, IN TERMS OF CALLING OUT THIS PRESIDENT
OF CALLING OUT THIS PRESIDENT FOR HIS PHONY POPULISM.
FOR HIS PHONY POPULISM. POPULISM DOESN’T DIVIDE PEOPLE.
POPULISM DOESN’T DIVIDE PEOPLE. POPULISM DON’T GIVE TAX CUTS TO
POPULISM DON’T GIVE TAX CUTS TO THE RICHEST PEOPLE OF THE
THE RICHEST PEOPLE OF THE COUNTRY AND TRY TO CUT MEDICARE
COUNTRY AND TRY TO CUT MEDICARE AND HEAD START.
AND HEAD START. I WILL POINT OUT HOW THIS
I WILL POINT OUT HOW THIS PRESIDENT HAS BETRAYED THE AUTO
PRESIDENT HAS BETRAYED THE AUTO WORKERS AND HOSPITAL WORKERS.
WORKERS AND HOSPITAL WORKERS. I WILL CONTINUE TO MAKE THAT
I WILL CONTINUE TO MAKE THAT CASE FROM THE FLOOR OF THE
CASE FROM THE FLOOR OF THE SENATE, FROM TRAVELS AROUND THE
SENATE, FROM TRAVELS AROUND THE COUNTRY, BY NOT YET SUPPORTING
COUNTRY, BY NOT YET SUPPORTING ANY PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE BUT
ANY PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE BUT MOVING THE DEBATE FORWARD ABOUT
MOVING THE DEBATE FORWARD ABOUT DIGNITY OF WORK.
DIGNITY OF WORK. >> LET ME ASK YOU THIS -- IS
>> LET ME ASK YOU THIS -- IS THERE A DANGER OF GOING TOO FAR
THERE A DANGER OF GOING TOO FAR TO THE LEFT THAT IT MIGHT SCARE
TO THE LEFT THAT IT MIGHT SCARE SOME VOTERS, SAY, IN OHIO?
SOME VOTERS, SAY, IN OHIO? >> I HEAR THE STORIES THAT ARE,
>> I HEAR THE STORIES THAT ARE, THAT’S THE STORY OF THE DAY,
THAT’S THE STORY OF THE DAY, ABOUT DEMOCRATS MOVING TO THE
ABOUT DEMOCRATS MOVING TO THE LEFT.
LEFT. I THINK THE MORE IMPORTANT STORY
I THINK THE MORE IMPORTANT STORY IS HOW REPUBLICANS CONTINUE TO
IS HOW REPUBLICANS CONTINUE TO MOVE TO THE RIGHT, HOW PRESIDENT
MOVE TO THE RIGHT, HOW PRESIDENT TRUMP EXTOLS -- BETRAYS WORKERS
TRUMP EXTOLS -- BETRAYS WORKERS AND UTTERS RACIST, ANTI-SEMITIC
AND UTTERS RACIST, ANTI-SEMITIC RHETORIC.
RHETORIC. THEY DON’T HAVE DIVISIONS.
THEY DON’T HAVE DIVISIONS. THEY’VE FOLLOWED HIS RACIST
THEY’VE FOLLOWED HIS RACIST ACTIONS AND BETRAYAL OF WORKERS.
ACTIONS AND BETRAYAL OF WORKERS. THEY FOLLOW IT LIKE LEMMINGS OFF
THEY FOLLOW IT LIKE LEMMINGS OFF THE CLIFF.
THE CLIFF. THAT’S THE STORY, NOT SOME
THAT’S THE STORY, NOT SOME DEGREES OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN
DEGREES OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN AND AMONG DEMOCRATS.
AND AMONG DEMOCRATS. THAT’S THE REAL STORY.
THAT’S THE REAL STORY. >> WHAT IS FAIR GAME?
>> WHAT IS FAIR GAME? YOU IN THAT INTERVIEW SAID, IN
YOU IN THAT INTERVIEW SAID, IN 1996, WHEN IT WASN’T A POPULAR
1996, WHEN IT WASN’T A POPULAR THING TO DO, YOU VOTED AGAINST
THING TO DO, YOU VOTED AGAINST THE DEFENSE OF MARRIAGE ACT, FOR
THE DEFENSE OF MARRIAGE ACT, FOR INSTANCE.
INSTANCE. JOE BIDEN HAS COMMENTS ABOUT
JOE BIDEN HAS COMMENTS ABOUT BUSSING AND DESEGREGATION OF
BUSSING AND DESEGREGATION OF SCHOOLS, THAT ARE POPPING UP,
SCHOOLS, THAT ARE POPPING UP, QUOTES FROM HIM IN THE ’70s.
QUOTES FROM HIM IN THE ’70s. YOU CAN MAKE THE ARGUMENT THAT
YOU CAN MAKE THE ARGUMENT THAT WAS THE MAINSTREAM DEMOCRATIC
WAS THE MAINSTREAM DEMOCRATIC PARTY POSITION, PERHAPS, IN THE
PARTY POSITION, PERHAPS, IN THE ’70s.
’70s. SHOULD THOSE COMMENTS MATTER TO
SHOULD THOSE COMMENTS MATTER TO VOTERS IN IOWA IN THE 21st
VOTERS IN IOWA IN THE 21st CENTURY?
CENTURY? >> IT DOESN’T MATTER IF IT
>> IT DOESN’T MATTER IF IT MATTERS TO VOTERS IN IOWA?
MATTERS TO VOTERS IN IOWA? >> DOES IT MATTER TO YOU?
>> DOES IT MATTER TO YOU? >> RECORDS MATTER TO ME.
>> RECORDS MATTER TO ME. THE CANDIDATE THAT IS TALKING --
THE CANDIDATE THAT IS TALKING -- I GO BACK TO, WHAT ARE THEY
I GO BACK TO, WHAT ARE THEY GOING TO DO ABOUT TALKING TO
GOING TO DO ABOUT TALKING TO WORKERS AND THE DIGNITY OF WORK.
WORKERS AND THE DIGNITY OF WORK. I WANT TO SEE DIGNITY OF WORK,
I WANT TO SEE DIGNITY OF WORK, NOT JUST PART OF THIS CAMPAIGN,
NOT JUST PART OF THIS CAMPAIGN, NOT JUST A SLOGAN, NOT JUST WHAT
NOT JUST A SLOGAN, NOT JUST WHAT THE CANDIDATES TALK ABOUT, I
THE CANDIDATES TALK ABOUT, I WANT TO MAKE SURE THEY GOVERN
WANT TO MAKE SURE THEY GOVERN BASED ON THE DIGNITY OF WORK.
BASED ON THE DIGNITY OF WORK. REGARDLESS OF THE WORK YOU DO,
REGARDLESS OF THE WORK YOU DO, ABOUT WAGES OR BENEFITS,
ABOUT WAGES OR BENEFITS, WORKPLACE SAFETY, ABOUT CHILD
WORKPLACE SAFETY, ABOUT CHILD CARE, IN THE NEVADA -- IN THE
CARE, IN THE NEVADA -- IN THE CULINARY WORKERS UNION HALL IN
CULINARY WORKERS UNION HALL IN LAS VEGAS, CONNIE AND I WERE
LAS VEGAS, CONNIE AND I WERE THERE THREE OR FOUR WEEKS AGO,
THERE THREE OR FOUR WEEKS AGO, THEIR SLOGAN IS, ONE JOB SHOULD
THEIR SLOGAN IS, ONE JOB SHOULD BE ENOUGH.
BE ENOUGH. I WANT TO HEAR WORKERS START
I WANT TO HEAR WORKERS START TALKING ABOUT THAT, THAT ONE
TALKING ABOUT THAT, THAT ONE LIVING WAGE JOB SHOULD BE
LIVING WAGE JOB SHOULD BE ENOUGH.
ENOUGH. WITH HEALTH CARE, WITH
WITH HEALTH CARE, WITH RETIREMENT, WITH CHILD CARE,
RETIREMENT, WITH CHILD CARE, WITH SAFETY IN THE WORKPLACE.
WITH SAFETY IN THE WORKPLACE. THAT’S EVERYTHING, TO ME IN THIS
THAT’S EVERYTHING, TO ME IN THIS RACE.
RACE. THAT’S A WINNING MESSAGE AND
THAT’S A WINNING MESSAGE AND IT’S THE WAY WE SHOULD GOVERN,
IT’S THE WAY WE SHOULD GOVERN, STARTING IN 2021.
STARTING IN 2021. >> I’M GOING TO CLOSE WITH THE
>> I’M GOING TO CLOSE WITH THE SAME QUESTION I ASKED YOU AT THE
SAME QUESTION I ASKED YOU AT THE BEGINNING.
BEGINNING. I DIDN’T HEAR AN ANSWER WHY YOU
I DIDN’T HEAR AN ANSWER WHY YOU DIDN’T RUN.
DIDN’T RUN. IS IT SIMPLY, YOU DIDN’T WANT TO
IS IT SIMPLY, YOU DIDN’T WANT TO DO IT?
DO IT? >> I THINK WE WERE SUCCESSFUL IN
>> I THINK WE WERE SUCCESSFUL IN MOVING FORWARD, AS WE HAVE.
MOVING FORWARD, AS WE HAVE. I -- I WAS TALKING TO SOME
I -- I WAS TALKING TO SOME PEOPLE ABOUT THIS.
PEOPLE ABOUT THIS. YOU CAN RUN IN THREE DIFFERENT
YOU CAN RUN IN THREE DIFFERENT WAYS.
WAYS. YOU GET UP, OH, I HAVE TO DO
YOU GET UP, OH, I HAVE TO DO THIS.
THIS. I DIDN’T WANT TO BE THAT.
I DIDN’T WANT TO BE THAT. YOU CAN RUN ANGRY.
YOU CAN RUN ANGRY. I DIDN’T WANT TO BE THAT.
I DIDN’T WANT TO BE THAT. OR YOU CAN RUN AS AN OPTIMIST,
OR YOU CAN RUN AS AN OPTIMIST, JOYFUL CANDIDATE, THE WAY I DO
JOYFUL CANDIDATE, THE WAY I DO MY JOB IN THE SENATE.
MY JOB IN THE SENATE. I THINK I CAN DO THAT BETTER IN
I THINK I CAN DO THAT BETTER IN THE SENATE, IN CONTINUING TO
THE SENATE, IN CONTINUING TO PERFORM THIS PRESIDENTIAL
PERFORM THIS PRESIDENTIAL CHOICE.
CHOICE. >> YOU’RE SAYING YOU CAN’T RUN
>> YOU’RE SAYING YOU CAN’T RUN FOR PRESIDENT JOYFULLY.
FOR PRESIDENT JOYFULLY. THAT’S WHAT I JUST HEARD.
THAT’S WHAT I JUST HEARD. >> I THINK I CAN DO IT BETTER IN
>> I THINK I CAN DO IT BETTER IN THE SENATE.
THE SENATE. >> FAIR ENOUGH.
>> FAIR ENOUGH. >> SENATOR SHERROD BROWN.
>> SENATOR SHERROD BROWN. >> IT’S ALWAYS JOYFUL BEING ON
>> IT’S ALWAYS JOYFUL BEING ON YOUR SHOW.
YOUR SHOW. >> THAT, I APPRECIATE.
>> THAT, I APPRECIATE. IT’S SUNDAY MORNING, CUP OF
IT’S SUNDAY MORNING, CUP OF COFFEE AND YOU SPRUNG FORWARD.
COFFEE AND YOU SPRUNG FORWARD. >> EVEN WHEN THE TIME CHANGES
>> EVEN WHEN THE TIME CHANGES AND YOU MAKE ME GET UP AN HOUR
AND YOU MAKE ME GET UP AN HOUR EARLIER.
EARLIER. AND YOU BROADCAST IT LATER AND
AND YOU BROADCAST IT LATER AND PEOPLE DON’T KNOW HOW EARLY WE
PEOPLE DON’T KNOW HOW EARLY WE GOT UP.
GOT UP. >> MAN.
>> MAN. YOU AND YOUR OHIO COLLEAGUE,
YOU AND YOUR OHIO COLLEAGUE, JOHN KASICH, YOU GUYS KNOW HOW